High in this video we start talking about pi brain because we are able to construct our own that works
very easily with the help of my brain of course first we have to install PI brain and to be honest I
was failed to install it.
We are Pipp because you could use something like If you open the Anaconda command prompt and you just
have to type something like beep install vibrating or something like that.
Maybe you should use some paramita and so on.
I have never installed anything with the help of it so I don't know.
I was failed to install it because some packages were missing.
So you have to download the zip file from the PI brain Web site basically and have to install manually
and it's very easy you just have to navigate to the pie abrain documentation and you just have to install
it.
Python setup data pipe.
It's going to be downloaded If you download the zip file of course you have to unzip it.
But anyways you just have to type it into the command line and it's going to install tiebreaking for
you.
And once you have set up everything that we are able to construct now will all networks basically and
it's very very convenient to do so if we have this big network which we import from prior rain today.
Shortcuts we are able to create a network something like this build network and we have to define the
number of Navy loans in the given layer.
So if I say two three want it it means that people will have an input layer a single hidden layer and
an output layer.
The number of now runs in the hidden layer is to the number of neurons in the output layer is three
and a number of neurons in that output layer is warm.
This is what you are looking for in order to solve logicals related problems.
And because the weights are initialized at random we are able to printout for example the network that
activate and we just have to define.
For example 1 and 0.
But you can use a list you can use a top.
You can use array whatever you prefer.
And in this case basically because the edges are initialized at random This is what we have been discussing
in a theoretical section so nothing that you're saying we are able to act the way in our own network
because we have to input now owns the first input neuron is one.
The second the input neuron is 0 and it's going to printout the output.
So what's going to be the output in the output layer.
OK we have to close the print parentheses as well.
So if you run this application is going to print out the activation on the output.
Now we're only talking 0.9.
So when the inputs are 1 and 0 the output is going to be 0.9 because of the random initialization of
the edges.
Basically every part of the network has some name so we are able to printout.
For example the network in is going to printout the input layer then the network hidden zero because
we have just a single hidden layer.
But basically we could have as many layers as we want.
The first layer has the name hidden zero.
The second has the name hidden one and so on and we have the out.
So we are able to get the input layer the hidden layer and the output layer like this.
Let's see.
Yeah it is a linear layer.
The hidden layer is a sigmoid layer and output layer is a linear layer as well and we can specify lots
of features.
For now we're on that river.
For example when we build a network we are able to say that I would like to make hit in the class to
have 10 age layer so instead of the sigmoid activation function we would like to use the tank and hyperbolic
function for the hidden layer.
Or for example the out clause is going to have the soft marks layer the soft Mock's activation function
which is very very similar to sigmoid.
By the way so if we printout that you can see that the topology of the network has changed.
Here in the class of course because it's hidden class or for an hour class I think it's going to be
fine.
Sorry for the typo jazz you can see we have the linear input we have your tongue and hyperbolic for
the heathen.
And we have the soft muxed layer for the output layer and we are able to use the bias because in this
case we don't have the bias so we can specify the bias is equal to true.
And in this case we are able to printout the network and we are able to get that by something like this
is basically printout the bias or nothing special Yeah as you can see that we have bias units and if
we would like to create two biased units one for the hidden that we're on and one for the output.
Now we're.
We just have to create two biased units basically.
So this is what we are going to talk about in the next lecture in this video we just talk about the
very very basics of how to construct.
Now we're on that road with the top of my brain and I'm not sure if I really have implemented now on
that rogues from scratch but it is much more easier to do so with PI brain.
Thanks for watching.